Remove unclear paragraph about font-size values (#34748)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/font-size/index.md

The `font-size` property is specified in one of the following ways:

- As one of the absolute-size, relative-size or `math` keywords

> - As a `<length>` or a `<percentage>`, relative to the parent element's font size.

Reviewer: How about we switch the order so it is clear that iit is only the percentage that is relative to the parent element's size, and the length is not specified (as what a relative length value is relative to depends on the unit). How about this:

```suggestion
- As a `<percentage>` relative to the parent element's font size or a `<length>`.
```

Reviewer: alternatively, i think it might be better to get ride of line 49-52 and replace it with:

```suggestion
The `font-size` property is specified as a `<length>`, `<percentage>`, or an `<absolute-size>`, `<relative-size>` or the `math` keyword.
```

Author: Why not remove the whole paragraph including the list (or just the list)?
<img width="646" alt="Bildschirmfoto 2024-07-11 um 09 58 27" src="https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/18024904/ae138256-786e-40a2-9c5e-8fedfd4c16af">

Because it is basically a summarized enumeration of the directly following `Values` section.

While our suggestions improve the situation by making the "summary" more accurate – on a closer look I do not see how this paragraph provides much value.
- It is obviously hard to succinctly AND correctly shorten the description of the different values. (Your suggestion 1 seems correct to me, but leaves open what a `length` is. Your suggestion 2 overlaps with the first bullet point, therefore I do not think this really improves the text.)
- Like the `Values` section, it is basically a list. Same structure, same values, shortened description. Since they are so close together, I do not really see the benefit of this descriptions if it is hard to make it right.

If some kind of transition to the next section should stay, I think I would go with a more coarse summary:
```markdown
The `font-size` property can be specified as an absolute or relative value in various
ways. See the following `Values` section for details.
```

Reviewer: > Your suggestion 1 seems correct to me, but leaves open what a `length` is. 

Length is defined along with all the values in the section, so maybe we can go with option 1, but move it after the "values" header, instead of before it.

>Your suggestion 2 overlaps with the first bullet point, therefore I do not think this really improves the text.)

The second suggestion is _instead_ of the paragraph and two bullet points.

> If some kind of transition to the next section should stay, I think I would go with a more coarse summary:
> 
> ```
> The `font-size` property can be specified as an absolute or relative value in various
> ways. See the following `Values` section for details.
> ```

This doesn't add information, so another alternative is to just remove the sentence and the two bullet points. the explanation of percent occurs two more times in the doc.

Reviewer: > alternatively, i think it might be better to get ride of line 49-52 and replace it with:

This suggestion is to replace the paragraph and two bullets, not simply a replacement for just the paragraph

Author: Since we both seem fine with just removing the paragraph, I have removed it. Seems the more robust solution to me.
